---
migrated:
  to: Daily/2025-12-02.md

---



# Daily Desk | Monday, December 1, 2025

#### What Do I Need To Get Done Today:

- **Main Goals:**
  - **Schedule meeting with Bryan, maybe it should be with Heather & Bryan?**
  - Make sure I meet with Heather
  - FWW training goes smoothly
  - NWF GA4 testing
  - Retainer Proposal: [2025 MKDM - Retainer Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1G_yvjYfjylEuxZUNyYRy-tuk23QVo0GP-W863wTt4eI/edit?tab=t.xds126192ypn#heading=h.cu0d6bov5ibo)

    **4Site Studios - MKDM - Potential Projects**

    <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wlkX08JeytzgiJYGuTFu0EybTktZNh0ta2NB-JORvqk/edit?usp=sharing>

> [!ERROR]
> Do NOT Forget Today:
>
> - Ask about scheduling NTC

---

### Dec 1 Monday | Meetings:

**Meeting: Heather**

- Talked to her about my concerns about Role

**Meeting: Strategy Team**

- Bring up concerns about role

#### Meeting: Heather & Bryan

- **Goals for Meeting**

- **Review the amount of work that I accomplished within the 4-5 weeks before leave**

  - [[4Site/Director Of Digital Strategy/4Site Personal Memos + Scratch]]

- **Discuss Sebrinia getting more strategy tasks**

  - **Paintcare are the remnants for when I** was out - But Sydney could have done those even - especially if she has been undercooked.
  - **You want to at least review strategy** tasks and provide strategic guidance before they’re handed off to Sebrinia.
  - I am concerned about the lack of forethought in a couple of areas
    - The hiring of Sydney - at no fault of her own - I actually love working with her.
      - Left me feeling unheard, not considered, and very undervalued
      - Was her role soley contingent on the fact that we needed to get Nat Geo? And now we don’t have enough work for us all? **Stratgists**
      - **Conversation about billable hours went into talking about how Strategists are at risk of not having enough billable hours and our roles will need to shift - even thinking about us being contracted? WTF?!**
      - **If there is a lack of strategy work, why is Sebrinia taking projects that should go to strategy first.**
      - **To still just meet me at the same pay - when I now have more Agency experience - it feels shitty
      - ** I had to bring up numerous times of our comprable experience - was questioned without actually looking into it - making me feel like, what am I missing, I don’t want to get shamed.
    - And yet,
  - **You’re concerned about being less billable** and how your role is changing, and want clarity on the end goal of that shift.
    - Then how will merging with Fresh Eye’s impact us further - at the end of the day, this your agency and you can do whatever, but what are you hoping will come from that merger and what will happen to our roles? Asked this before and there was no answer.
  - **You truly love web strategy and see** it as core to your role; you don’t want to be pushed out of strategy projects, even if they’re infrequent.
  - You’ve noticed UI/UX strategy work going to Sebrinia before it comes to you, even though you’ve historically done that work and have deeper knowledge.
  - As lead strategist, you believe you should know what’s happening with the clients you lead, including being looped in on strategy decisions before they’re finalized.
  - Because Sebrinia is not always in client meetings, it puts you in a difficult position if you’re asked about strategic decisions you
  - Hell I’d love to get better at figman - my degree is graphic design, I know how to code, I know how to give art direction, I know how to QA, Lead, Setup and report on Google Analytics
  - 
  - 

  AIUSA handoff

  - I’ wish there was a more formal handoff for Sydney with AIUSA - I have been helping her behind the scenes so she doesn’t have to search aimlessly and recreate things (like reports) - but I have had to insert myself to help and it just makes me feel like my work isn’t valued - my opinion not valued I have been working on AIUSA’s account for almsot the whole time I have been here.

- Projects not going to lead strategist:

  - Paintcare: I know Sydney needs projects, but could I work with her on them then? Like I want to be in the loop for the projects where I am the lead strategist.

- **Notes:**

  - [Takeaway or action items discussed]

#### Meeting 2: [Meeting Title/Description]

- (Repeat the format for additional meetings)

---

---

### Misc Notes

2025 - 2026 Goals

To recieve a raise - at min continue at what I am making now 115,000 while working 32 MAX hours

Learn Figma so I can make very quick mockups to hand over to design - who should be designing, NOT strategy, or at least not all of it.

Talk through the aspects laid out under concerns [[4Site/Director Of Digital Strategy/4Site Personal Memos + Scratch]]

**I don’t feel valued, or compensated - I also feel like our jobs are at risk because of poor buisness decisions.**

