
Email to Heming: =

Hey Heming, 

Thanks for looping me in. Just want to give you an update and context on where things stand with **Shatterproof**, which I think will most likely impact the renewal (hopefully in a good way).

Shatterproof is finally moving forward with a Drupal to WordPress migration. They said the rising Drupal hosting costs pushed internal buy-in, and they’re now have six months to migrate their site. Their goal live date is early September. 

I’ve already started taking them through our migration and redesign process, going as far as helping them review their current site structure and have provided guidance on how to audit and prune their existing content, since they do not want this migration to be a 1:1. So they are really planning a full redesign and will need to go with a phased phased approach; launching their highest-priority pages first in September and then continuing as long as needed to get the rest of their content up. 

Another large aspect of the site redesign/migration is the Memorials section of their site, which essentially is a modified crowdfunding platform. They are exploring other platforms as thier current one is attached to Drupal. They’re currently exploring Engaging Networks P2P and other tools but haven’t made a decision yet but this is a pretty large undertaking  in itself. 

Their CEO is new and from what Danny has told us is that she wants to go through an RFP process for this redesign, that we can provide a proposal, but that they want at least three vendors to choose from. They don’t have an RFP ready yet, and they want to get this redesign moving as quickly as possible, but from what I can tell they are biting a bit more than they can chew. 

I wanted to make sure you had full visibility into this so renewal and outreach conversations are aligned with where they actually are in the process. Happy to walk through this live if helpful.