

Below, please find a proposed timeline for this project, broken out

into five distinct stages.

Stage 1: Discovery, Campaign Builds, Initial Testing
This stage, initially planned for February, includes discovery from
Brassic about FPF, research, media plan to be approved by FPF,
copywriting, campaign builds, and initial testing.
Stage 2: Q1 Report, Large-Scale Optimizations
This stage, initially planned for early April, will include a presentation
via Zoom with project contact, 4Site Interactive Studios, and Brassic
Media. It will also include large-scale optimizations including copy
and creative updates, targeting updates, and any test platform

changes that are deemed fit.

Stage 3: Q2 Report, Large-Scale Optimizations
This stage, initially planned for early July, will include a presentation
via Zoom with project contact, 4Site Interactive Studios, and Brassic
Media. It will also include large-scale optimizations including copy
and creative updates, targeting updates, and any test platform

changes that are deemed fit.

Stage 4: Q3 Report, Large-Scale Optimizations
This stage, initially planned for early October, will include a
presentation via Zoom with project contact, 4Site Interactive Studios,
and Brassic Media. It will also include large-scale optimizations
including copy and creative updates, targeting updates, and any test

platform changes that are deemed fit.
Stage 5: Q4 Report, End Campaigns
This stage, initially planned for early January, will include a
presentation via Zoom with project contact, 4Site Interactive Studios,

and Brassic Media.
Stage 6: Final Report

This stage, initially planned for the middle of January 2025, will
include a presentation via Zoom with project contact, 4Site
Interactive Studios, and Brassic Media. This presentation will detail

the entirety of the campaign.

#drafts